Me go? He go? We go?
What are you doing here?
I'm here to accept my go city's
most awesome hero award.
Then this isn't
the teen twins mixer?
Rats.
So I'm guessing I'm not
the quickservice restaurant
manager of the year.
Uh! Which means that my free
coconut scrub and herbal wrap
is, in fact...
it's so easy
to capture team ego.
Of the specially constructed
nonconductive plastic prism?
No, she's still there.
Of course she broke
out, you big dolt!
Not necessarily.
She could be out on a work...
Furlough thingy.
Hello. Can we
focus on the fact
that Ms. Sparky's
pointing a weapon at us?
Right. Weapon.
What is that exactly?
The reverse polarizer.
Come on. I'm a hero,
not an electrical... Guy.
Just a weensy thing
that will completely
reverse your wiring.
Prepare to be turned
from Valiant heroes
into evil little henchpeoples.
Whoa, whoa.
Yeah, yeah.
About that, you've
been away a while.
There's something you
should know about...
[evil laughter]
[Bell ringing]
Listen up, people.
Ms. Carlson, while
catching some big air
at the skate park, neglected
to check for crosswinds.
You taking over
this class, too?
No, Stoppable.
She'll be taking over
this class.
Uh! She go?
♪ Oh, yeah, yeah
♪ I'm your basic,
average girl ♪
♪ and I'm here
to save the world ♪
♪ you can't stop me
because I'm Kim Possible ♪
♪ there is nothing I can't do ♪
♪ when danger calls,
just know that I am on my way ♪
♪ know that I am on my way ♪
♪ doesn't matter where or when
there's trouble ♪
♪ if you just call my name ♪
♪ Kim Possible
♪ call me, beep me
if you want to reach me ♪
♪ when you want to page me,
it's ok ♪
♪ whenever you need me, baby ♪
♪ call me, beep me
if you want to reach me ♪
♪ doesn't matter where,
doesn't matter when ♪
♪ I will be there for you
till the very end ♪
♪ danger or trouble,
I'm there on the double ♪
♪ you know that
you always can call ♪
♪ Kim Possible
♪ call me, beep me
if you want to reach me ♪
Good morning, class.
Class: Good morning,
miss go.
Ron, that's she go.
Nah, it's not she go.
It's miss go.
See? It says so
on the board.
Putting something on the
board doesn't make it true.
Oh, sure. You know,
when I say that
in 20th-century
history,
the moon landing wasn't faked
in the Arizona desert, Ron.
Besides, what would she
go be doing in Middleton?
If there's, uh...
Anything I can do...
Gee. Thanks,
Mr. Barken.
Please, call me
Steven, Steve...
Whatever rolls off your tongue.
And don't let them tell you
that they're supposed
to have class outside.
We put a stop to that after
oh, that's so sweet.
You took the class to the beach.
No beach. Just jellyfish.
Don't ask.
Huh?
[Humming]
[Groaning and muttering]
[Tapping]
[Groaning and shouting]
She go, can you get this open?
She go? She go?
There you are.
Uh... Hey, guys.
You shouldn't have
run off like that, sister.
Listen, guys. I don't
want any trouble.
Since when?
How would you feel if someone
did that to your truck?
Vengeful!
He doesn't even have a truck.
Yah!
Aren't you boys
being a little rough?
Even if it is she go.
Together:
Hey! Kim Possible!
I remember her.
She's bossy.
Whoa!
Get her! Uh!
Ooh!
Oh, here, Ronald.
Let me help.
You want to help?
Ha!
You know, I told Kim
you weren't she go.
Except I am she go.
For reals?
Feel the wrath
of this very large sack
of what seems to be
concrete! Aah!
[Coughing]
Sweetie? Um... Yeah.
But, uh...
Oh! Oh, sorry.
He always does that move.
It never works.
Uh... We should probably
get out of here.
All this roughhousing.
Ooh...
Regroup!
We're trying!
Watch where you're
going, he go.
Maybe if there weren't
so darn many of you.
Feet!
Watch the feet!
Funny time to be
shrinking, me go.
It appears that they got away.
Well, duh.
Ooh, that's good
cocoa moo. How's yours?
Cocoa moo?
Mmm! It's good.
Good, you know, cocoa moo.
It's just that I've
never actually been
you're silly. I'm silly.
This whole sitch is silly.
Ha ha ha. Ha...
And how. Huh.
So, one of team go's
old enemies...
yeah, yeah. Electronique.
Funny story.
We put her away
back in the day...
oh, that rhymes!
Did you notice?
Put her away? Oh, back before
you signed on with Drakken?
She thought I was still
part of the team.
Told you. Silly.
Electronique? Hmm...
Electrical villain?
I guess we've been due
for one of those.
Well, she's an electronics wiz.
I mean, if it's got wires,
she can make it a weapon,
and if it's already a weapon,
she can make it
a better weapon.
And the weapon she made better?
Jack Hench's
attitudinator. Yeah.
Oh, you remember.
[Shouting]
[Evil laughter]
Yeah. Ha ha.
Good times.
[Crunch]
Mmm! Cocoa moo!
So, she used it
to turn all of team go
from good guys to bad?
Yeah.
But you were already bad.
Have you met electronique?
You cannot tell her anything.
She turned you good
by accident?
Luckily, I have my degree
in child development
to fall back on.
Then the teaching thing?
I'm fully credentialed.
Well, this is great.
Weird, but great.
If it weren't for all your
brothers being evil, I mean.
Well, I figured this was
the last place they would look,
but now that I know
that they've found me,
I don't know what
I'm going to do!
Um...
K.P., she's
giving you...
oh. All right.
Maybe I have an idea.
[Crickets chirping]
Thanks, Kimmie. I knew
I could count on you.
No big. At least
not until
I have to explain it
to my parents.
Wade, did you get it?
Yep. Brain wave scan
complete.
But it'll take a while
to analyze it.
The sooner, the better.
This is all majorly
disorienting.
She go, this was funny
a couple of hours ago,
but not anymore.
She go!
Morning.
Um, isn't that the lady
that's always punching
and kicking you?
Guilty.
Hon, why is your Nemesis
in our breakfast nook?
She go needs a place
to stay for a few days
because one of team
go's old enemies
so that now she's good and
her brothers are evil. Whoo.
Oh, well, Jim, Tim, scoot over
and make some room for
your sister's arch foe.
My eggs are cold. I'm
going to microwave them.
Oh, I'll save you a trip.
Uh... Oops. Sorry.
Thanks for the lift, K.P.
Thanks for everything!
You're the best!
Uh... Sure.
Don't mention it.
Wade, brain scan...
anything?
It's the signature of the
attitudinator, all right, Kim...
not an evil thought
in her head.
You won't meet a nicer person.
Ok. New reality.
I'll adjust...
Eventually.
Ah! How sweet!
An apple for the teacher.
Now, which one of you
is Stevie?
There's no Stevie
in this class.
[Door closes]
Ew!
Electronique:
Go tower.
It is fabulous.
Of course, we will
need to rename.
Gather the henchpeople.
Where are the henchpeople?
Out looking for she go.
We lost her.
Apparently unsuccessfully.
Who told you
to look for she go?
It just seemed...
Rule one... it is not a good idea
unless it comes from me!
But you wanted all of team go
to be your evil henchpeople.
Was that the plan or not?
That was only part
of my revenge
for putting me
in that miserable prison.
For keeping me there,
I twist the power of team go
to bring go city to its knees!
All right!
Um... But cities
don't have knees.
That was a
what-do-you-call-it?
It's a metaphor.
It's not a simile.
The topic here is geography,
not English.
Or is it anatomy?
Ah!
It is an order!
Together:
Yes, electronique.
Very important
in the henchpeople.
No, no. Those shoes
were totally you.
I mean, I'm serious.
You should so buy them.
You think?
We could go back.
Oh, I've been looking
all over for you.
"Bricks of fury: The final
brickening" starts today.
Look, if we run
and push people out of our way,
we can just make the matinee.
Tempting, but I already
promised she go
we'd go get our eyebrows waxed.
Ok, but we're gonna...
you wax your eyebrows?
Huh? What's that about?
Forget I mentioned it.
Done. Hey, you know,
she can come, too.
But "bricks of fury:
The musical" was so contrived,
I gave up on the whole series.
What about...
"The memo pad"?
How did we get from
bricks to chicks?
Oh, I've been wanting
to see that.
I'm kind of over the whole
"bricks of fury" saga, too.
Hey, we'll catch up later
an Bueno Nacho, ok?
Well, looks like it's
you and me, Rufus.
Oh, come on.
Don't tell me
you'd rather see
"the memo pad", too.
Ha ha. Uh... Yeah.
Fine.
[Alarm ringing]
[Alarm beeping]
Hi, Stacy.
We're robbing you.
We're evil now.
[Slurp] Mmm!
This is terrible!
Can't anybody stop team go?
[Horn honks]
Hmm!
Ah!
Oh. Hi, Ronster.
We were just talking about you.
[Girls laughing]
Talking about me how?
Did it have something
to do with pants?
[Girls laughing loudly]
N...No. Ha ha!
Ok, ok, ok.
Refill time.
K.P., she go
is not our friend.
She's older and criminaler,
and what about her brothers?
We'll help them,
and the fiercely freaky
thing... I am, too.
With she go?
Do you hear what you're saying?
Does this have anything to do
with all that eyebrow
waxing business?
Ron, sometimes when you
really get to know somebody
and after their brain
waves are flipped,
you'll find you have more
in common than you think.
Yes, a big sister who
used to punch and kick you
and mean it.
Kim, 2-for-1 coupon...
Upperton museum of modern art.
Wow.
Aah! You like art
now, too?
Yeah. Want
to come along?
You and she go in a museum
and not fighting...
it's just too weird!
[Kiss]
I suppose you want to go
to the museum, too?
[Coughing]
Mm-mmm. No way.
Well, that's something anyway.
Go city isn't destroyed yet,
but this is a start.
What's with the chicken?
Who doesn't like chicken?
I told you she
didn't like chicken.
You didn't say squat
about chicken!
Guys, no fighting. We're
evil henchpeople now.
Let's be professional about it.
Way to kiss up, he go.
Guys, electronique's
warming up the hearth.
How could the 4 of you ever
manage to get anything done?
She had a way of
keeping things focused.
When she left, the team
sort of fell apart.
Ok. New plan.
Bring me she go.
If I turn her evil again,
maybe between the two of us,
we can bring go city
to its knees!
Um... About
the knees thing...
don't start with me.
Just get she go.
So, you're not going to
eat that chicken, right?
Go!
[Rubber gloves squeaking]
[Groaning]
Ow! Ow! Ow!
Next!
Guess what. Steve Barken
just asked me out.
What do I do? I'm weak
on the whole dating thing.
Seriously, that whole
Drakken business
didn't leave a lot
of time for socializing.
Oh, well, the thing is...
you just sort of...
I can't believe
this is happening.
Why don't you come with?
We'll make it a double date!
Me and Ron
with you and Mr. Barken?
Sure. Oh, it'll
be a blast.
I don't know.
What? Aah...
Well... Stoppable,
possible.
So glad you could join us.
You don't sound so glad.
So, I guess you two
know each other, huh?
Oh, Kimmie and I?
Like, forever.
Do tell.
Don't tell.
Let's just say
bad idea to bring up
world domination
on a first date.
Or marriage.
I'm still here.
So... So how do you
know Kim?
Detention.
It's a great way
to get to know the students
without having to
actually talk to them.
Possible, that sounds like your car alarm.
Better check.
Stoppable, go ask why nobody's
brought our breadsticks yet.
That's not your car alarm.
And they don't even
have breadsticks here.
Bueno Nacho?
You know it!
Thanks for everything.
I had a wonderful time.
Oh, have you ever noticed
how Stevie's eyes sparkle
when he smiles?
He smiles? Weird.
Uh, she go,
something's come up.
Newswoman: Team go,
once our proud protectors,
now our evil enemies.
And this is the scene tonight,
as the city reels
from the unexplained onslaught.
Aah!
Oh, no.
Those poor boys.
Poor boys?
What about go city?
The best way to help go city
is to help my brothers.
Together: We have to go
to go tower.
Jinx! You owe me
a soda.
Oh, by the way, we'll need
to be back by 6:00.
Stevie's taking me
roller-skating.
I love
roller-skating,
but we never go
because Ron always falls.
Rufus, tell no one,
but I'm missing the old she go.
Now you will learn
the price of defying me!
No!
[Coughing]
What is going on here?
We were just about to brawl
with she go and Kim Possible.
And Ron Stoppable.
You must be
the electro villain.
Hello. We haven't met.
Sidekicks!
Well, don't let me stop you.
We'll take care of team go.
You get that
personality reverser.
Where do you think
you're going?
Whoa!
Hey!
Hey! Whoa!
[Slurp]
Aah! No!
I don't know what you are,
but I do know my shoe
is bigger than you.
[Gasps]
Foolish pink thing,
you know not what you do.
Ow! Aah! Ow!
Get him!
I think not!
Booyah! Ha ha ha!
Not again.
You ok?
Yes, now. What happened to him?
I think he's evil now.
Oh. How bad
can that be?
You'd be surprised.
You want evil?
I'll show you evil!
Booyah! Ha ha ha ha!
Give me that!
Evil up, he go!
Uh-oh.
Oh, you're going about
this all wrong.
You're acting like
an evil poser.
You want to see my power?
Oh, someone's a little touchy.
You couldn't even figure out
that the first person
you should have used this on
was Kim Possible.
Oh, no, you don't.
This is my evil weapon!
[Struggling]
Dude!
Uh-oh!
Kimberly M. Possible,
we meet again! Hey!
Knock it off, Ron.
We carpooled.
Keep electronique busy.
Why should I help you?
Aah!
That's why.
Uh!
[Whimpering]
Now we end it.
Aah! Where... Uh-oh.
Let me show you how I
deal with interlopers.
Actually, I think I can guess,
if you want to save
yourself some time. Uh!
Step aside, son.
Team go is back.
But you haven't seen
the last of electronique.
No prison can hold me!
I'll be back! Ah!
Just as soon as I serve out
my full sentence,
with possible time off
for good behavior.
Good riddance,
electro-foe.
Sis, it's good to see you
on the side of justice
and all things
right and good again.
Yeah. What he said.
Ditto!
He go's right. It was good
to be on the same side.
Yeah. Kimmie,
I couldn't tell you this
when I was evil, but...
mistake. Sorry.
Hang on. Hang on.
I can fix this.
She go, I need you!
Hmm. He needs me.
Next time, Kimmie.
While you were gone,
I've started a new project...
operation gherkin!
You know, I liked her
as a good guy,
but I guess some people
never really change.
Yeah, but bright side...
no more double-dating
with Stevie. Ugh.
[Both laughing]
She go! Now we complete
operation gherkin!
This is operation gherkin?
Seriously, I've
tried everything.
[Jar opens]
Oh, sure.
After I loosened it.
[Alarm beeping]
Stevie? What's he
doing here?
Well, he's intruding.
That's what he's doing.
No. No. Wait. Wait.
♪ Quit playing games
with my head ♪
♪ I'm a sport,
but I'm not a toy ♪
Ugh. On second
thought...